1)WEBSITE :- 
      ;- A Website is collection of web pages.
      ;-That is identify by common domain name and Publised on at least one web server.

2)DOMAIN :-
      ;-A Domain is networl of commputer and device that are contolled by one set authority and
       that have specific guideliness.
      ;-A Domain is conterolled by one particular company that has its own internet presence and
       ip adress.
 
3)WWW :-
      ;-World wide web.
      ;-Collection of website or webpages stored in web server and conected to local computer.

4)HTTP :-
          ;-Hyper Text Transfer Protocol
          ;-Http is communication key between broweser and server .

HTTPS :-
         ;-Https is secure version of Http.
         ;-Https srtands for Hyper text transfer protocol secure.
         ;-It is protocol where Encrypted Http data transfer over a secure version.

5)URL - URI/URN
         ;-URI means Universal Resource Identifiers
         ;-Uri is text which is used to identify any resources or name on internet.
         ;-Uri has two specialization in the form of url and urn.
         ;-URL means Uniform resource locator. 
         ;-URN means Uniform resource name.

6)CLIENT SERVER :-
         ;-Denoting a computer system in which a central server provides date to a number of 
           networked Workstations.
         ;-Client is also known as a service requestor.

7)HOST :-
           ;-A Person who service or Entertains other people as Guest.
           ;-It can either be a client or a server that sends and recive Applicatin.

8)HOSTING :-
           ;-Acces your on website on Browser.
           ;-Host your on website so other people around you can Acces it.

9)FTP :-   
          ;-File Transfer Protocol
          ;-It is Represents ftp and standerd internet protocol supported by TCP/IP (connection of 
            computer system to the internet) used for transmiting file from onr host to another.

10)EXTENSIONS :-
          ;-An Extensions is a part that is added to something that Extends or Enlarges.
          ;-Small softwer program that customize the browsing experience.

11)PATH :-
          ;-Program For Appropriate Technology in Health.
          ;-A Path is the list of Directories that will be searched for anything that you type on 
            command line.
          ;-A Path is another name for vector line or line with start and end point.

12)EDITOR/VSCODE :-
          ;-A Person who is incharge of and Determines the final content of a Newspaper ; Magazine
            or multie Author book.
          ;-Vscode means Visual Studio Code .
          ;-It is source code editor made by Microsoft with Electron Framework for Windows and Macos.

13)ADDRESS BAR :- 
          ;-Address bar is the Familiar text Field at the top of web broweser Graphical user interface.
          ;-That Displays the name or the URL of the current web pages.

14)TITLE BAR :-
          ;-Title bar is Horizontal bar located at the top of a windoe in a GUI (Graphical User 
            Interfase).
          ;-It Display the Title of Software,name of the current Documentor file. 
          ;-Title bar lies right next to the Quick Acess Toolbar and it display the titl of the 
            Currently Open Document or Application.    
   